Add documentation and examples for GHC-59692: Duplicate Instances (#541)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-59692/multipleInstances/index.md

---
title: Multiple Instances for Semigroup Int
---

Different definitiones for `Semigroup Int` are possible.

> If we more than one, we ought to wrap `Int` in a `newtype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we require both instances, then we should define two `newtype` wrappers for `Int`.
```

> It is not possible to give two definitions for `Semigroup Int`, one for the semigroup given by addition and one for the semigroup given by multiplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haskell does not allow to simultaneously define both instances of `Semigroup Int`, one for the semigroup given by addition and one for the semigroup given by multiplication.
```

> It is not possible to give two definitions for `Semigroup Int`, one for the semigroup given by addition and one for the semigroup given by multiplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haskell does not allow to give more than one definition of `Semigroup Int`, even though we might want to provide both an instance for the semigroup given by multiplication and the semigroup given by addition.
```
